A goal has always existed, as has a product and a dream; however the road to that end point has been littered with errors and hiccups.
It's a very proud day for me to see the result of a vision and a dream which I had three years. We arrived here after a long journey with obstacles.
Your agents need to see results and they must attach to a vision and a dream. You can not simply demonstrate your market share or number of agents.
The AFC Cup shows that not only does the club have a plan and a dream, they live by their words: "Don't tell people your dreams."
It was a goal and a dream come true for Bayless. Since the 1970s, she had worked to help families.
And the Americans rewarded Evan Mawarire with a visa and a dream, all expenses paid one-way ticket to America where he could continue his pastoral attacks.
I woke up Saturday morning with a dollar and a dream, as they say. Well, really six dollars in a fantasy pot.
In 2003, UP Political Society was only a vision and a dream by a group of political science students -- an organization that will embody excellence.
The many other life struggles Leya faced, motivated him to start A Dollar and a Dream youth activation group to encourage a strong belief of self-worth among youth.
The society -- mosques and associations -- must infuse in young Muslims a vision and a dream, that they have a stake in Britain: that they are an integral part.
Brandon always had a goal and a dream to inspire and become an example to the youth.
Techcronies is a result of two girls with a Wi-Fi, a laptop and a dream. Heema Singla stressed on the power of Internet and power of entrepreneurship.
How incredible South Africans are, how taking ordinary people with a passion and a dream, you can achieve anything and become anything.
My friends and I started an organisation called A Dollar and A Dream. The initiative was inspired by my journey from the Congo to South Africa.
When I say she started with a dollar and a dream, that was almost quite literally the case. She was hired at Tennessee.
The DAO represents a promise and a dream, " says Emin Sirer, a Cornell researcher in self-organizing systems.
Ten years later, they made it to Los Angeles with a hope and a dream and (most importantly) an internet connection.
Quite often, breweries are born out of nothing more than a hobby and a dream. Brewing at home provides the first skills necessary to make the jump.
The estate managed continued. Mr Oxley had a vision and a dream and spent seven years building it. It's about honouring that dream.
In the last two or three decades, all you needed was a dollar and a dream. " Silk Degrees " is the Motel 6 of albums.
it was always a passion for me. It was always a hope and a dream to have gotten to this point. And when you're passionate about something
It is one woman's journey of overcoming the unthinkable through a vision and a dream. She was the daughter of East Indian immigrants in an emerging cosmopolitan society.
If anyone doubts the power of a camcorder and a dream, just look at It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, which was DIY.
these three young men were simply working on a computer and a dream that maybe they could become the next big thing in the budding technology industry.
Saturday started with a hope and a dream for all four teams left vying for the Big Ten tournament title.
Which shows that all these are just a hope and a dream and the people speaking and writing them know that that is what they are.
We had a vision and a dream when we bought some property on 142nd street in 1964 and developed it into one.
With a hope and a dream, Everett drove down to Los Angeles after graduating from the Banff Centre.
I chose foreign service because I had a fascination and a dream to travel and see different parts of the world and learn about different cultures.
spend hundreds of millions of dollars every year falsely promising "a dollar and a dream" and "everyone is a winner".
Melonie came to Toronto with a suitcase and a dream. She lived through a nightmare and then left this world.
A kid and a dream -- when that basic element is fleshed out with a soulful back-story involving characters.
Sherlock actress said of motherhood: "Every day is just a miracle and a dream. Because everything is so different every day. You're not even thinking."
Revenge has taken its toll. What a gift of a part and a dream to work with Mike Bartlett again!
Feels like a safe place that they are leaving behind with a child and a dream of finding a green and better world that will have them.
It's not just a hobby -- it's a sport and a dream, all at the same time.
It's no good if I have a vision and a dream, but no one else knows about it.
Marry my wife, and win races and championships, and pursue a passion and a dream.... I have very little to complain about.
For himself, his family and every kid in India with a basketball and a dream. It's a big moment in the history of the NBA.
Figure out what you're willing to sacrifice. A desire, a wish and a dream are different things, and you've got ta figure out those little differences.
You don't have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.
A dream doesn't have a citizenship and a dream doesn't have a color.
Sellers of lottery tickets suggest all you need is a dollar and a dream. Forget that nonsense: If you want a decent shot at making money, you’ll need at least $50—and instead of lottery tickets, try a few carefully chosen mutual funds.
It is a love and devotion, a yearning and a dream that I share with more than a billion others.
It's like no other team, and playing for your province is a passion and a dream come true. It means something to you.
Playing at Wimbledon is a goal and a dream for each one of my players. A great initiative and opportunity.
It's a privilege and a dream to be part of the YRF family and have my launch with their Youth Films.
People have their money and their lives tied up in a property and a dream and haven't been able to do anything with it.
12 years on, faces of Gujarat riots share a room and a dream of peace.
was deafening. Far from NaMo land, they share a room and a dream. In Thalassery, Kerala's communist heartland, Qutubuddin Ansari and Ashok Mochi,
"Two years ago, it was a concept and a dream," Smith told the Georgia Straight in a phone interview.
A researcher friend had told me that these folks were interested in Bangalore’s trees and their stories and were discussing various ways to expand and share their experience. It almost seemed like a call and a dream come true.
succeed in the long run. And if your daughter has a passion and a dream then she is already one step ahead of the game, and you should NOT
The singers achieved particular intensity on the text " Life: a shadow and a dream. " Douma closed his half of the concert with two of his own imaginative
as well. Working with Naseer sir was as you know a jackpot and a dream come true for me. Being able to work with someone who is so many
With a point-and-shoot camera, his father for a companion and a dream to explore the world, 11-year-old Victor Angelo David went around testing his photographer's
This is the story of a boy and a dream. This is the story of Johnny Foosball. Part 1: Birth.
This is a story of cherry-laminate side wall. But mostly it's the story of a boy and a dream and how, together, they rose so high there was nothing left to do.
The Ballad of Johnny Foosball: This is the story of a boy and a dream, a dream that started small and kept on getting bigger.
Where's your captain's license? It had been a goal and a dream of mine before the accident.
Three young guys had a vision and a dream, and they made it happen. The spirit of the company has remained entrepreneurship.
Should be out late next year, but for now, it's just a rendering and a dream.
Afternoon tea in Dublin. But The Merrion Art Tea is a treat and a dream. At 36 it's a little steep but it's worth it.
They are getting bigger every year back home. It was always a goal and a dream for me to play world juniors.
to dream big and they'll fund you earlier based on a vision and a dream, rather than proving revenue or a business plan, " Mr. Zaid said.
times past. # Before there was Dollywood there was just a girl and a dream: Dolly Parton emerged on the scene in the late 1960s and became a full
be. Your secret fantasy. As long as there is a vision and a dream we will go for it. We prefer it when someone turns up at our
m very disappointed that this happened to me. It was a goal and a dream to photograph the Olympics, " he said. " This was going to be
discover the work of I M Rawes, one man with a microphone and a dream. Across the capital, he captures the sonic essence of bustling streets and quiet
what I would do, I was kind of living on a hope and a dream. " # After a glittering 18-year professional career which has seen her become the
turned out the way it did. It's almost like a storybook and a dream come true. " # Dawson played 13 seasons with the Steelers, making 7
! I have a big mouth and I guess I have a passion and a dream to make things happen in Atorkor. Donors can also provide scholarships or bursaries to
Is God and the Beatles and Elvis... " It's a honor and a dream come true. # Are you looking forward to the ceremony? I've been
whose label portrays its founders as starting out " with only a blender and a dream. # The founded in a garage narratives of famous brands like Apple, Google
been a joint effort. Many more people helped make this a reality and a dream come true. You look out here and there are orange groves and canyons and
myself seriously as a painter and an artist. I had a vision and a dream of doing something meaningful with my passion for the creative process and I took a
But there is a heart, there is a belief, a hope and a dream and as a young person, it is possible I think differently from someone who
the US these can be young men with a horse, a bridle and a dream, renting a stall at a track: " glorified ostlers, " Brough Scott
off the bus every day with a bag of songs and a guitar and a dream. And it's all about music. There are no bells and whistles.
maid service, making it possible to move in with just a suitcase and a dream. # One night, my dreams of getting paid to write were interrupted when
to a nervous breakdown. " At first you were but a plan and a dream, " he wrote to her a fortnight before their marriage, " & then
States, don't just buy a house, they buy a lifestyle and a dream. So I started making videos about what it was like to live here.
As has been the case ever since Paris Hilton experimented with a camera and a dream, 2010 was yet another year filled with aspiring amateur porn stars, all of
and Gagan Rehill) did a remarkable job, starting from a conversation and a dream mere months ago, to the festival's opening. There was also an array

While thus the enthusiast roams along the stream, Balanced between a revery and a dream, Backward he springs: and, through his bounding heart, The cold and
the strange events of the preceding evening had not all been a delusion and a dream. The wild accents of the mysterious youth who had been his companion during the
Nature working splendid harmony out of brilliant contrast, remained only a doubt and a dream, until Mr. Church became its interpreter to the Northern world. A great work
by moral laws at all. We reject his Jesus as a delusion and a dream. God never created such a creature. He exists nowhere save in M. Renan
very atmosphere was pensive, and filled the tall spaces like a memory and a dream. I sat down and listened to the choral service and to the organ,
architectural splendors and realms of peace. It is all like a mirage and a dream. We pass swiftly, and make a moving panorama of beauty in hues,
light shall gleam; The hearth-fire of the past is now A memory and a dream. English, Thomas Dunn, 1819-1902: ONLY A CUR. from The select poems
glad communion of the sky and stream Went with me like a presence and a dream. Where once the brambled meads and orchardlands Poured ripe abundance down with mellow hands
was to get the food for them. Then he had a vision and a dream. In it a great famine was sweeping the land. He saw a Man
odds with it, such a philosophy must necessarily be but a cheat and a dream. " " You a little surprise me, " answered the cosmopolitan; "
moment. Socialism is a doctrine. It offers at once a program and a dream. Like all modern political creeds, it has had to as-694sume certain of the
knowledge with which to deny it. No. Brooklyn is a fever and a dream. a shimmering that proclaims itself mirage. The sea wind off the Narrows tore
roadmaps or signposts. Instead, the explorer must rely upon a compass and a dream. The vision of an organization acts as its magn
Awakened by the imaginary conflict, Mahmood started from his couch in terrour and dismay; and, wildly looking round the apartment for the cause of his perturbation and alarm, he smiled to discover, that a shadow and a dream
the doctrine of the Logos, the hope of the eschatologist, the dream of the mystic. (c) is it but a hope and a dream ?
They came with a hope and a dream — the hope to acquire their own land and the dream to realize a better future for themselves and their children. These hardy men and women ceaselessly seek to find a better life through tireless toil
The Church's chief instrument for the religious education of more than half the Catholic children in the United States is existing on a hope and a dream.
It gets mighty dangerous walking the mean streets and the lonesome prairies with only a microphone and a dream. Let's round 'em up.
So if it's 'bout that cream / Then I'm all up in the spot / I got a dollar and a dream / Just a dollar and a dream
All you could eat for a dollar and a dream. And the drinks are on the house at the funeral parlor. If you don't know what's good for you boy. Eat your fried greens
A dollar and a dream, I swear it's not too late. / I had a dollar I wanted to save. / Keep in my pocket, I held fast. / A dollar bill that I would take to my grave.
but I kept singing anyway, and I saw him smiling—and smiling big, like his random instinct to bet on a dollar and a dream had just won.
After following my inner compass to Spain with nothing but a backpack and a dream, I knew that I could do anything I set my mind to.
Seattle's a big city. I'm sure there's a bunch of German fencing instructors, each one with dozens of students. Frasier: Yes, but are they wealthy students? Martin: [sarcastically] No, they're inner-city kids trying to work their way out of the ghetto with nothing but a foil and a dream.
As I was here airing myself on the tops of the mountains, I fell into a profound contemplation on the vanity of human life, and passing from one thought to another, ‘Surely,’ said I, ‘man is but a shadow, and life a dream.’
Sitting back, nothing but a pen and pad / And a dream, but don't know what to do with that / I'm frustrated and it seems like no matter what they gon' hate it
VR is not just a geeky technology but a culture and a dream
I'm just a girl with a scanner and a dream, preserving the past one image at a time
Just a boy, his saxophone, and a dream—about doing family history.
Just a girl with a ball and a dream! #futurehooper #stillundecided
Just a boy and a dream about a motorcycle
Just a girl, a guitar, and a dream
Just a Truck and a Dream: Q&A with Jeff Wang
Just look at this joyous photo of our outrageously-good-looking Drummer as he rattles away. No cares. No rent. No girlfriend tying him down. Just a Drummer, a dream, and a set.
Just a guy with a camera and a dream.
I came to you with only a hope and a dream, and in the time that has followed you’ve given back a passion and a life.
How does one waste 6 hours with only a car and a dream?
@ladygaga didn't start at Disney, Mickey Mouse Club or something else. She started with only a piano and a dream.
She Quit Her Job To Dive into The Tourism Industry with Only A laptop and a Dream
I'm about to move with only a dollar and a dream
okay now if only they'll just let me in the country with only a passport and a dream.
Showgirls: Nomi (Elizabeth Berkley) arrives in Las Vegas with only a suitcase and a dream…
Three years I arrived in L.A. with only a suitcase and a dream. Well, I also had a UHaul filled with every last belonging I've ever owned, but who's counting.
He headed west with only a ukulele and a dream. I am a Lyricist interested in working with singers and musicians to create great songs
This is my dog: looks like a small town person that stepped off the plane in NYC with only a suitcase and a dream.
How early is too early to look at apartment listings / stop by an open house / make an offer / start over with only a hoodie and a dream?
I am in Panera with only a phone and a dream not with worm
You come with your batons, guns, teargas, shields, protective gear, dogs, big vans and we come with only a song and a dream.
TOMORROW: Come learn how to win $1 Million USD with only a team and a dream at the 2nd Hult Prize at Rollins!
Bernsby: He Came From Nothing, With Only A Broomstick And A Dream
I sold my DC a long time ago when I moved from my home town with only a backpack and a dream.
I'll tell anyone. I came to Greenville with ONLY a purpose and a dream. Knowing, that God will fulfill the desire of my heart.
If we’re building an site for somebody in a big city with only a phone and a dream in their hand, than mobile first seems right!
I DREW YOU WITH ONLY A PEN AND A DREAM !
sometimes the journey from A-Z is much more difficult than understood When your traveling alone , with only a prayer and a dream
I entered the shower, a man with only a razor and a dream. I exited, a smoother version of that man.
Came to the Springs with only a stack and a dream.
Astrid Silva shout out. Came to U.S. at 4 with only a cross and a dream.
i started out my career... with only a hoe and a dream
this could be a movie poster..."two unlikely friends end up in the middle of china with only a camera and a dream"
"In a world of spiders and bots a small team armed with only a manifesto and a dream of vanity metrics fights back."
I wouldn't feel motivated if not for you. Being all alone and with only a computer and a dream I'd give up long time ago
justin started with only a guitar and a dream and to see him living that dream with his guitar is so inspiring, proud to call him my idol
Be the underdog in a sector where everyone else wants to be top dog. Nantucket Nectars started “with only a blender and a dream.”
I came to the Big Apple with only a tambourine and a dream.
16 years ago today, this young woman crossed the border with only a cookie and a dream
With only a dollar and a dream you can accomplish great stuff. Dont depend on god and believe in yourself to make your dreams come true.
I didn't know Kirk franklin was abandoned at 2yrs,his grandmother took him up with only a QUITAR and a DREAM!
Matt got famous with only a speedo and a dream. He's an inspiration.
then again, you wouldn't see them on a January Sunday morning with only a skinsuit and a dream.
Do you think anyone can make it in California with only a penny and a dream?
It's inspiring knowing you born with only a brain and a dream and u can be anything or anybody you want... Why would u settle small.....
Full-time scrubs on this island, man... It's sad. And here I am making ends meet with only a dollar and a dream.
You with your caffeine and nicotine me with only a hope and a dream
I was LA bound with only a ticket and a dream... Now I'm chillin
Armed with only a letter and a dream, I walked to the mailbox to mail my letter about Young Justice to Cartoon Network.
#HowIMetMyBesfriend we were rocking the same miley t shirt shipwrecked on a island with only a coconut and a dream
I'm going to this exam armed with only a pencil and a dream!
i might be one of those people just pack up and dip with only a hussle and a dream....
I guess Nicki Minaj forgot that she was discovered on a stoop with only a verse and a dream.
Armed with only a screwdriver and a dream, this barrel of a man Stephan Segall'd his way into our hearts.
Dear NY, here i come. Like so many millions before me, with only a sublet and a dream ;-)
Am guessing that the underprivileged of Britain won't be taking up dressage to get out of the ghetto with only a horse and a dream
I came to this country with only a giraffe and a dream. I should really sell this stupid giraffe
lol at Tommy Pickles was out here with only a diaper and a dream hahaha don't forget his screw driver he kept on deck- LOL!!
Armed with only a #gutbucket and a dream, he set off for Los Angeles.
I came over to this country with only a $1 and a dream. Happy to be in a capitalistic economy. I will make the best of my situation
Drowning in a sea of responsibility, armed with only a lifejacket and a dream...
i remember him on an interview. he came to NY with only a dufflebag and a dream
#10yearsago I slaughtered a team of ninjas with only a spork and a dream. 
I found my old Dirty Dancing soundtrack circa 1988 CASSETTE that I used to kill it to alone in my room with only a hairbrush and a dream!
I'm ecstatic that those lonely girls with only a webcam and a dream have found themselves to Twitter! Guess Myspace got boring.
Omg I just realized that exactly 10 years ago today I moved to Los Angeles! With just a flatiron and a dream. WHO IS THIS PERSON?
With just a hope and a dream one man achieved fucking his homeland over for probably decades. What could you accomplish?
Happy Father's Day to the man who sacrificed it all. He left his home country with just a suitcase and a dream. Thank you dad for being you.
Getting back to that girl with just a smile and a dream
To think we came so far with just a bus and a dream.
Up Next on 60 minutes: The Four-Armed Animal That Can Remove All Of The Fluids In Your Body With Just A Tiddy And A Dream
With just a Sharpie and a dream, you too can have an "eTicket"...
If I could get on a bus right now with just a suitcase and a dream I would. But ya know . . . . whatever.
please make Adr1ft compatible with PlayStation vr!! Don't leave me with just a controller and a dream!!
Goal: Make it with those who started with just a name and a dream. No snakes needed or involved.
Webshop back online tonight. Starting with just a peso and a dream.
iRemember Laying In My Bed With Just A Board And A Dream.. NOW It's Forming.. #BLESSED 
Being in a relationship should be synonymous with matching the dope. Don't come to the session with just a lighter and a dream.
#tbt to that time I slayed Fire Island with just a towel and a dream.… 
Back in the day when I was starting out as a cub reporter for the Daily Planet with just a fedora and a dream
The fact that CassperNyovest started out with just "a rand and a dream" ... Too much inspiration I must say.
Just met a struggling artist from California who came to Austin "with just a backpack and a dream." Damn if I had that much guts.
going from a big well known company to starting your own company with just a hustle and a dream is inspiring and relatable
I just killed the second boss with just a sledgehammer and a dream
And to think it started with just a spatula and a dream.
Packing my bags and going manchester (bumping train) with just a pound and a dream
Dude with just a beard and a dream be like: *one day my name will be written in the guinees book for having the longest beard*
“I arrived in London with just a duvet and a dream”. X Factor is beyond parody at this point.
Irony of The Day: With just a tractor and a dream, a young Ted McDonald draws great inspiration from The Who's "My Generation"
That's it! I'm leaving Florida and moving to Siberia with just a broom and a dream! Yeah right.
To all the Founders out there, starting your Monday with just a laptop and a dream - StartUp TV salutes you!
A year ago today I left Oklahoma & embarked on the wildest adventure, with just a Tumbleweed and a dream.
He understands the power of media. He created SBTV via YouTube with just a camcorder and a dream. Look how much it's worth now.