To dream that you are abandoned, denotes that you will have difficulty in framing your plans for future success.

To abandon others, you will see unhappy conditions piled thick around you, leaving little hope of surmounting them.

If it is your house that you abandon, you will soon come to grief in experimenting with fortune.

If you abandon your sweetheart, you will fail to recover lost valuables, and friends will turn aside from your favors.

If you abandon a mistress, you will unexpectedly come into a goodly inheritance.

If it is religion you abandon, you will come to grief by your attacks on prominent people.

To abandon children, denotes that you will lose your fortune by lack of calmness and judgment.

To abandon your business, indicates distressing circumstances in which there will be quarrels and suspicion. (This dream may have a literal fulfilment if it is impressed on your waking mind, whether you abandon a person, or that person abandons you, or, as indicated, it denotes other worries.)

To see yourself or friend abandon a ship, suggests your possible entanglement in some business failure, but if you escape to shore your interests will remain secure.

Abbey.[3]

To see an abbey in ruins, foretells that your hopes and schemes will fall into ignoble incompletion.

To dream that a priest bars your entrance into an abbey, denotes that you will be saved from a ruinous state by enemies mistaking your embarrassment for progress.

For a young woman to get into an abbey, foretells her violent illness. If she converses with a priest in an abbey, she will incur the censure of true friends for indiscretion.

Abbess.

For a young woman to dream that she sees an abbess, denotes that she will be compelled to perform distasteful tasks, and will submit to authority only after unsuccessful rebellion.

To dream of an abbess smiling and benignant, denotes you will be surrounded by true friends and pleasing prospects.

Abbot.[3]

To dream that you are an abbot, warns you that treacherous plots are being laid for your downfall.

If you see this pious man in devotional exercises, it forewarns you of smooth flattery and deceit pulling you a willing victim into the meshes of artful bewilderment.

For a young woman to talk with an abbot, portends that she will yield to insinuating flatteries, and in yielding she will besmirch her reputation. If she marries one, she will uphold her name and honor despite poverty and temptation.

[3] See similar words in connection with churches, priests, etc.

Abdomen.[4]

To see your abdomen in a dream, foretells that you will have great expectations, but you must curb hardheadedness and redouble your energies on your labor, as pleasure is approaching to your hurt.

To see your abdomen shriveled, foretells that you will be persecuted and defied by false friends.

To see it swollen, you will have tribulations, but you will overcome them and enjoy the fruits of your labor.

To see blood oozing from the abdomen, foretells an accident or tragedy in your family.

The abdomen of children in an unhealthy state, portends that contagion will pursue you.

[4] See Belly.

Abhor.

To dream that you abhor a person, denotes that you will entertain strange dislike for some person, and your suspicion of his honesty will prove correct.

To think yourself held in abhorrence by others, predicts that your good intentions to others will subside into selfishness.

For a young woman to dream that her lover abhors her, foretells that she will love a man who is in no sense congenial.

Abject.

To dream that you are abject, denotes that you will be the recipient of gloomy tidings, which will cause a relaxation in your strenuous efforts to climb the heights of prosperity.

To see others abject, is a sign of bickerings and false dealings among your friends.

Abode.[5]

To dream that you can't find your abode, you will completely lose faith in the integrity of others.

If you have no abode in your dreams, you will be unfortunate in your affairs, and lose by speculation.

To change your abode, signifies hurried tidings and that hasty journeys will be made by you.

For a young woman to dream that she has left her abode, is significant of slander and falsehoods being perpetrated against her.

[5] See Home.

Abortion.

For a woman to dream that she assents to abortion being committed on her, is a warning that she is contemplating some enterprise which if carried out will steep her in disgrace and unhappiness.

For a doctor to dream that he is a party to an abortion, foretells that his practice will suffer from his inattention to duty, which will cause much trouble.

Above.

To see anything hanging above you, and about to fall, implies danger; if it falls upon you it may be ruin or sudden disappointment. If it falls near, but misses you, it is a sign that you will have a narrow escape from loss of money, or other misfortunes may follow.

Should it be securely fixed above you, so as not to imply danger, your condition will improve after threatened loss.

Abroad.

To dream that you are abroad, or going abroad, foretells that you will soon, in company with a party, make a pleasant trip, and you will find it necessary to absent yourself from your native country for a sojourn in a different climate.

Absalom.

To dream of Absalom, is significant of distressing incidents. You may unconsciously fall a victim to error, and penetrate some well beloved heart with keen anguish and pain over the committal of immoral actions and the outraging of innocence. No flower of purity will ever be too sacred for you to breathe a passionate breath upon. To dream of this, or any other disobedient character, is a warning against immoral tendencies. A father is warned by this dream to be careful of his children.

Absence.

To grieve over the absence of any one in your dreams, denotes that repentance for some hasty action will be the means of securing you life-long friendships.

If you rejoice over the absence of friends, it denotes that you will soon be well rid of an enemy.

Abscess.

To dream that you have an abscess which seems to have reached a chronic stage, you will be overwhelmed with misfortune of your own; at the same time your deepest sympathies will be enlisted for the sorrows of others.

Absinthe.

To come under the influence of absinthe in dreams, denotes that you will lead a merry and foolish pace with innocent companions, and waste your inheritance in prodigal lavishness on the siren, selfish fancy.

For a young woman to dream that she drinks absinthe with her lover warns her to resist his persuasions to illicit consummation of their love. If she dreams she is drunk, she will yield up her favors without strong persuasion. (This dream typifies that you are likely to waste your energies in pleasure.)

Abundance.

To dream that you are possessed with an abundance; foretells that you will have no occasion to reproach Fortune, and that you will be independent of her future favors; but your domestic happiness may suffer a collapse under the strain you are likely to put upon it by your infidelity.

Abuse.

To dream of abusing a person, means that you will be unfortunate in your affairs, losing good money through over-bearing persistency in business relations with others.

To feel yourself abused, you will be molested in your daily pursuits by the enmity of others.

For a young woman to dream that she hears abusive language, foretells that she will fall under the ban of some person's jealousy and envy. If she uses the language herself, she will meet with unexpected rebuffs, that may fill her with mortification and remorse for her past unworthy conduct toward friends.

Abyss.

To dream of looking into an abyss, means that you will be confronted by threats of seizure of property, and that there will be quarrels and reproaches of a personal nature which will unfit you to meet the problems of life.

For a woman to be looking into an abyss, foretells that she will burden herself with unwelcome cares. If she falls into the abyss her disappointment will be complete; but if she succeeds in crossing, or avoiding it, she will reinstate herself.

Academy.

To visit an academy in your dreams, denotes that you will regret opportunities that you have let pass through sheer idleness and indifference.

To think you own, or are an inmate of one, you will find that you are to meet easy defeat of aspirations. You will take on knowledge, but be unable to rightly assimilate and apply it.

For a young woman or any person to return to an academy after having finished there, signifies that demands will be made which the dreamer may find himself or her self unable to meet.

Accepted.[6]

For a business man to dream that his proposition has been accepted, foretells that he will succeed in making a trade, which heretofore looked as if it would prove a failure.

For a lover to dream that he has been accepted by his sweetheart, denotes that he will happily wed the object of his own and others' admiration.

[6] If this dream has been occasioned by overanxiety and weakness, the contrary may be expected. The elementary influences often play pranks upon weak and credulous minds by lying, and deceptive utterances. Therefore the dreamer should live a pure life, fortified by a strong will, thus controlling his destiny by expelling from it involuntary intrusions.

Accident.

To dream of an accident is a warning to avoid any mode of travel for a short period, as you are threatened with loss of life.

For an accident to befall stock, denotes that you will struggle with all your might to gain some object and then see some friend lose property of the same value in aiding your cause.

Accordion.

To dream of hearing the music of an accordion, denotes that you will engage in amusement which will win you from sadness and retrospection. You will by this means be enabled to take up your burden more cheerfully.

For a young woman to dream that she is playing an accordion, portends that she will win her lover by some sad occurrence; but, notwithstanding which, the same will confer lasting happiness upon her union. If the accordion gets out of tune, she will be saddened by the illness or trouble of her lover.

Accounts.

To dream of having accounts presented to you for payment, you will be in a dangerous position. You may have recourse to law to disentangle yourself. If you pay the accounts, you will soon effect a compromise in some serious dispute.

To hold accounts against others, foretells that disagreeable contingencies will arise in your business, marring the smoothness of its management.

For a young woman book-keeper to dream of footing up accounts, denotes that she will have trouble in business, and in her love affairs; but some worthy person will persuade her to account for his happiness. She will be much respected by her present employers.

Accuse.[7]

To dream that you accuse any one of a mean action, denotes that you will have quarrels with those under you, and your dignity will be thrown from a high pedestal.

If you are accused, you are in danger of being guilty of distributing scandal in a sly and malicious way.

[7] See similar words in following chapters.

Aches.[8]

To dream that you have aches, denotes that you are halting too much in your business, and that some other person is profiting by your ideas.

For a young woman to dream that she has the heartache, foretells that she will be in sore distress over the laggardly way her lover prosecutes his suit. If it is the backache, she will encounter illness through careless exposure. If she has the headache, there will be much disquietude of mind for the risk she has taken to rid herself of rivalry.

[8] This dream is usually due to physical causes and is of little significance.

Acid.

To drink any acid is an adverse dream, bringing you much anxiety.

For a woman to drink aciduous liquors, denotes that she may ensnare herself with compromising situations; even health may be involved.

To see poisonous acids, some treachery against you may be discovered.

Acorn.

Seeing acorns in dreams, is portent of pleasant things ahead, and much gain is to be expected.

To pick them from the ground, foretells success after weary labors.

For a woman to eat them, denotes that she will rise from a station of labor to a position of ease and pleasure.

To shake them from the trees, denotes that you will rapidly attain your wishes in business or love.

To see green-growing acorns, or to see them scattered over the ground, affairs will change for the better. Decayed or blasted acorns have import of disappointments and reverses.

To pull them green from the trees, you will injure your interests by haste and indiscretion.

Acquaintance.[9]

To meet an acquaintance, and converse pleasantly with him, foretells that your business will run smoothly, and there will be but little discord in your domestic affairs.

If you seem to be disputing, or engaged in loud talk, humiliations and embarrassments will whirl seethingly around you.

If you feel ashamed of meeting an acquaintance, or meet him at an inopportune time, it denotes that you will be guilty of illicitly conducting yourself, and other parties will let the secret out.

For a young woman to think that she has an extensive acquaintance, signifies that she will be the possessor of vast interests, and her love will be worthy the winning. If her circle of acquaintances is small, she will be unlucky in gaining social favors.

[9] After dreaming of acquaintances, you may see or hear from them.

Acquit.

To dream that you are acquitted of a crime, denotes that you are about to come into possession of valuable property, but there is danger of a law suit before obtaining possession.

To see others acquitted, foretells that your friends will add pleasure to your labors.

Acrobat.

To dream of seeing acrobats, denotes that you will be prevented from carrying out hazardous schemes by the foolish fears of others.

To see yourself acrobating, you will have a sensation to answer for, and your existence will be made almost unendurable by the guying of your enemies.

To see women acrobating, denotes that your name will be maliciously and slanderously handled. Also your business interests will be hindered.

For a young woman to dream that she sees acrobats in tights, signifies that she will court favor of men.

Actor and Actress.

To see in your dreams an actress, denotes that your present state will be one of unbroken pleasure and favor.

To see one in distress, you will gladly contribute your means and influence to raise a friend from misfortune and indebtedness.

If you think yourself one, you will have to work for subsistence, but your labors will be pleasantly attended.

If you dream of being in love with one, your inclination and talent will be allied with pleasure and opposed to downright toil.

To see a dead actor, or actress, your good luck will be overwhelmed in violent and insubordinate misery.

To see them wandering and penniless, foretells that your affairs will undergo a change from promise to threatenings of failure. To those enjoying domestic comforts, it is a warning of revolution and faithless vows.

For a young woman to dream that she is engaged to an actor, or about to marry one, foretells that her fancy will bring remorse after the glamor of pleasure has vanished.

If a man dreams that he is sporting with an actress, it foretells that private broils with his wife, or sweetheart, will make him more misery than enjoyment.

Adam and Eve.

To dream of Adam and Eve, foretells that some eventful occasion will rob you of the hope of success in your affairs.

To see them in the garden, Adam dressed in his fig leaf, but Eve perfectly nude save for an Oriental colored serpent ornamenting her waist and abdomen, signifies that treachery and ill faith will combine to overthrow your fortune.

To see or hear Eve conversing with the serpent, foretells that artful women will reduce you to the loss of fortune and reputation.

Adamant.

To dream of adamant, denotes that you will be troubled and defeated in some desire that you held as your life.

Adder.

To dream of seeing an adder strike, and a friend, who is dead but seems to be lying down and breathing, rises partly to a sitting position when the adder strikes at him, and then both disappearing into some bushes nearby, denotes that you will be greatly distressed over the ill luck of friends, and a loss threatened to yourself.

For a young woman to see an adder, foretells a deceitful person is going to cause her trouble. If it runs from her, she will be able to defend her character in attacks made on her.

Addition.

To dream of pondering over addition, denotes that you will have a struggle to overcome difficult situations, which will soon prominently assume formidable shapes in your business transactions.

To find some error in addition, shows that you will be able to overcome enemies by fortunately discerning their intention before they have executed their design.

To add figures with a machine, foretells that you will have a powerful ally who will save you from much oppression.

If you fail to read the figures, you will lose fortune by blind speculation.

Adieu.

To dream of bidding cheerful adieus to people, denotes that you will make pleasant visits and enjoy much social festivity; but if they are made in a sad or doleful strain, you will endure loss and bereaving sorrow.

If you bid adieu to home and country, you will travel in the nature of an exile from fortune and love.

To throw kisses of adieu to loved ones, or children, foretells that you will soon have a journey to make, but there will be no unpleasant accidents or happenings attending your trip.

Admire.

To dream that you are an object of admiration, denotes that you will retain the love of former associates, though your position will take you above their circle.

Admonish.

To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts.

Adopted.

To see your adopted child, or parent, in your dreams, indicates that you will amass fortune through the schemes and speculations of strangers.

To dream that you or others are adopting a child, you will make an unfortunate change in your abode.

Adultery.[10]

To dream that you commit adultery, foretells that you will be arrainged{sic} for some illegal action. If a woman has this dream, she will fail to hold her husband's affections, letting her temper and spite overwhelm her at the least provocation. If it is with her husband's friend, she will be unjustly ignored by her husband. Her rights will be cruelly trampled upon by him. If she thinks she is enticing a youth into this act, she will be in danger of desertion and divorced for her open intriguing.

For a young woman this implies abasement and low desires, in which she will find strange adventures afford her pleasure.

[10] It is always good to dream that you have successfully resisted any temptation. To yield, is bad. If a man chooses low ideals, vampirish influences will swarm around him ready to help him in his nefarious designs. Such dreams may only be the result of depraved elementary influences. If a man chooses high ideals, he will be illuminated by the deific principle within him, and will be exempt from lascivious dreams. The man who denies the existence and power of evil spirits has no arcana or occult knowledge. Did not the black magicians of Pharaoh's time, and Simon Magnus, the Sorcerer, rival the men of God? The dreamer of amorous sweets is warned to beware of scandal.

Adulation.

To dream that you seek adulation, foretells that you will pompously fill unmerited positions of honor.

If you offer adulation, you will expressly part with some dear belonging in the hope of furthering material interests.

Advancement.

To dream of advancing in any engagement, denotes your rapid ascendency to preferment and to the consummation of affairs of the heart.

To see others advancing, foretells that friends will hold positions of favor near you.

Adversary.[11]

To dream that you meet or engage with an adversary, denotes that you will promptly defend any attacks on your interest. Sickness may also threaten you after this dream.

If you overcome an adversary, you will escape the effect of some serious disaster.

[11] See Enemies.